create world painting docu (#156)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/overworld/create-new-world.md

# How to create a new World

> This tutorial is for people interested in creating their own World/Dungeon the way we created one. This tutorial will be about creating a new world, but creating a dungeon works equally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to create a new area, just like we did.  
This tutorial will be about creating a new world, but creating a dungeon works the same.
```

## Tileset

> Before starting to paint a world you need to think about in which theme the world should be. We used the [Zelda-like tileset](https://opengameart.org/content/zelda-like-tilesets-and-sprites) for all our Worlds and made some modifications to it according to our own needs (including a few custom sprites). See [new tilesets](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld/blob/main/new-tilesets/README.md) for some info about how to change the look of the tileset. This tutorial works with the standard Zelda-like tileset since it is already available in the project. If you need another tileset you can refer to [setup tilemap in unity](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/blob/main/dev-manuals/languages/unity/setup-tilemap-in-unity.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting to paint a world you need to think about in which theme the world should be.  
We used the [Zelda-like tileset](https://opengameart.org/content/zelda-like-tilesets-and-sprites) for all our Worlds and made some modifications to it according to our own needs (including a few custom sprites).  
See [new tilesets](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/overworld/blob/main/new-tilesets/README.md) for some info about how to change the look of the tileset.  
This tutorial works with the standard Zelda-like tileset since it is already available in the project.  
If you need another tileset, have a look at [setup tilemap in unity](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/blob/main/dev-manuals/languages/unity/setup-tilemap-in-unity.md).
```

1. Copy the Boilerplate scene that is located in the folder `Assets/Scenes/Boilerplate`
![Folder Structure](assets/boilerplate.webp)
2. Create a new Folder in the `Assets/Scenes/Worlds` Folder and name it for example `World 5`.
3. Paste the copied boilerplate scene into the newly created folder and rename the scene to for example `World 5`

## Layer Information

When painting a World there are multiple layers that can be painted on. It is necessary to paint on the correct layer for everything to work correctly.  
![Layers](assets/layers.webp)

Here is an example for all the layers:  

- All layers combined: ![all layers](assets/all-layers.webp)

- Ground: On the layer, all ground related tiles are placed (e.g. grass, pathways, rivers, sea, etc.)
![ground layer](assets/ground-layer.webp)
- Ground decoration: On this layer, all additional ground tiles are places (e.g. flowers, moss, little rocks, etc.)
![ground decoration layer](assets/ground-decoration-layer.webp)
- Walls: On this layer, all tiles limiting the playable area are placed (e.g. walls)
![wall layer](assets/wall-layer.webp)

> - Wall decoration: On this layer, all additional wall tiles are placed, for example for detailing or realism (e.g. shadows, little rocks, lamps, etc.)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wall decoration: On this layer, all additional wall tiles are placed, for example for detailing or realism (e.g. shadows, little rocks, lamps, waterfalls, …)  
```

This tutorial works with the standard Zelda-like tileset since it is already available in the project.  
If you need another tileset, have a look at [setup tilemap in unity](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/blob/main/dev-manuals/languages/unity/setup-tilemap-in-unity.md).

## Copying the Boilerplate Scene

Worlds are created in separate scenes. There is an empty Boilerplate scene which can be used to draw new worlds. It already has the grid and needed layers.

1. Copy the Boilerplate scene that is located in the folder `Assets/Scenes/Boilerplate`
![Folder Structure](assets/create-area-boilerplate.webp)
2. Create a new Folder in the `Assets/Scenes/Worlds` Folder and name it for example `World 5`.
3. Paste the copied boilerplate scene into the newly created folder and rename the scene to for example `World 5`

## Layer Information

When painting a World there are multiple layers that can be painted on. It is necessary to paint on the correct layer for everything to work correctly.  
![Layers](assets/create-area-layers.webp)

Here is an example for all the layers:  

- All layers combined: ![all layers](assets/create-area-all-layers.webp)

> - Ground: On the layer, all ground related tiles are placed (e.g. grass, pathways, rivers, sea, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ground: On the layer, all ground related tiles are placed (e.g. grass, pathways, rivers, sea, ...)
```

![ground layer](assets/create-area-ground-layer.webp)

> - Ground decoration: On this layer, all additional ground tiles are places (e.g. flowers, moss, little rocks, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ground decoration: On this layer, all additional ground tiles are places (e.g. flowers, moss, little rocks, ...)
```

![ground decoration layer](assets/create-area-ground-decoration-layer.webp)
- Walls: On this layer, all tiles limiting the playable area are placed (e.g. walls)
![wall layer](assets/create-area-wall-layer.webp)
- Wall decoration: On this layer, all additional wall tiles are placed, for example for detailing or realism (e.g. shadows, little rocks, lamps, waterfalls, …)  
![wall decoration layer](assets/create-area-wall-decoration-layer.webp)

> - Objects: On this layer, all big objects are placed (e.g. trees, houses, fences, stones, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Objects: On this layer, all big objects are placed (e.g. trees, houses, fences, stones, ...)
```
